Create ui-c8y-1021-33-0-setting-password-for-new-user-7845-7995.md (#2835)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/ui-c8y-1021-33-0-setting-password-for-new-user-7845-7995.md

---
date: ""

> title: setting password for new user (#7845) (#7995)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Allow setting an initial password when creating a new user
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-61426
version: 1021.33.0
---

> setting password for new user (#7845) (#7995)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
Previously, it was not possible to set an initial password when creating a new user in the Cumulocity IoT platform. This meant that the password had to be set separately after user creation. With this change, an initial password can now be directly specified during user creation via the UI and API. This simplifies the user creation process and saves an extra step for administrators.
```

---
date: ""
title: Improved password setup process for new users
product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-61426
version: 1021.33.0
---
The password setup process for new users was unclear. It has been updated and replaced with three distinct options, from which the user can select one. The available options are:
- Send password reset link as email
- Set password that must be changed on the first login

> - Set password for the user (no change required)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set password for the user (no change required)

See also [Managing users](/standard-tenant/managing-users/).
```

---
date: ""
title: Improved password setup process for new users
product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-61426
version: 1021.33.0
---

> The password setup process for new users was unclear. It has been updated and replaced with three distinct options, from which the user can select one. The available options are:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The password setup process for new users was unclear. It has been updated and replaced with three distinct options, from which the administrator can select one. The available options are:
```

---
date: ""

> title: When creating a new user, we have the option to choose one of three password setup methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Improved password setup process for new users
```

ticket: MTM-61426
version: 1021.33.0
---

> The password setup process for new users was unclear. It has been updated and replaced with three distinct options, allowing the user to select one. The available options are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The password setup process for new users was unclear. It has been updated and replaced with three distinct options, from which the user can select one. The available options are:
```

> The password setup process for new users was unclear. It has been updated and replaced with three distinct options, allowing the user to select one. The available options are:

Reviewer: @mmed-c8y Has this been updated in the documentation accordingly? We should add a link to the place where it is decsribed.

Reviewer: @mmed-c8y How about the documentation?

Reviewer 3: documentation will be updated: https://cumulocity.atlassian.net/browse/MTM-62468 - task is in progress
